in the first year of Darius the son of a
in the first year of Darius the son of a SEO heiress of the lineage of the Medes
SEO heiress of the lineage of the Medes
SEO heiress of the lineage of the Medes who was made king over the realm of the
who was made king over the realm of the
who was made king over the realm of the Chaldeans in the first year of his reign
Chaldeans in the first year of his reign
Chaldeans in the first year of his reign I Daniel understood by the books the
I Daniel understood by the books the
I Daniel understood by the books the number of the years specified by the
number of the years specified by the
number of the years specified by the word of the Lord through Jeremiah the
word of the Lord through Jeremiah the
word of the Lord through Jeremiah the Prophet that he would accomplish 70
Prophet that he would accomplish 70
Prophet that he would accomplish 70 years in the desolations of Jerusalem
years in the desolations of Jerusalem
years in the desolations of Jerusalem then I set my face for the Lord God to
then I set my face for the Lord God to
then I set my face for the Lord God to make request by prayer and supplications
make request by prayer and supplications
make request by prayer and supplications with fasting sackcloth and ashes and I
with fasting sackcloth and ashes and I
with fasting sackcloth and ashes and I prayed to the Lord my God and made
prayed to the Lord my God and made
prayed to the Lord my God and made confession and said O Lord great and
confession and said O Lord great and
confession and said O Lord great and awesome God who keeps his covenant and
awesome God who keeps his covenant and
awesome God who keeps his covenant and mercy with those who love him and with
mercy with those who love him and with
mercy with those who love him and with those who keep his Commandments we have
those who keep his Commandments we have
those who keep his Commandments we have sinned and committed iniquity we have
sinned and committed iniquity we have
sinned and committed iniquity we have done wickedly and rebelled even by
done wickedly and rebelled even by
done wickedly and rebelled even by departing from your precepts and your
departing from your precepts and your
departing from your precepts and your judgments
neither have we heated your servants the
neither have we heated your servants the prophets who spoke in your name to our
prophets who spoke in your name to our
prophets who spoke in your name to our kings and our princes to our fathers and
kings and our princes to our fathers and
kings and our princes to our fathers and all the people of the land Oh Lord
all the people of the land Oh Lord
all the people of the land Oh Lord righteousness belongs to you but to us
righteousness belongs to you but to us
righteousness belongs to you but to us shame a face as it is this day to the
shame a face as it is this day to the
shame a face as it is this day to the men of Judah to the inhabitants of
men of Judah to the inhabitants of
men of Judah to the inhabitants of Jerusalem and all Israel those near and
Jerusalem and all Israel those near and
Jerusalem and all Israel those near and those far off in all the countries to
those far off in all the countries to
those far off in all the countries to which you have driven them because of
which you have driven them because of
which you have driven them because of the unfaithfulness which they have
the unfaithfulness which they have
the unfaithfulness which they have committed against you O Lord to us
committed against you O Lord to us
committed against you O Lord to us belongs shame a face to our Kings our
belongs shame a face to our Kings our
belongs shame a face to our Kings our Prince's and our fathers because we have
Prince's and our fathers because we have
Prince's and our fathers because we have sinned against you to the Lord our God
sinned against you to the Lord our God
sinned against you to the Lord our God belong mercy and forgiveness though we
belong mercy and forgiveness though we
belong mercy and forgiveness though we have rebelled against him we have not
have rebelled against him we have not
have rebelled against him we have not obeyed the voice of the Lord our God to
obeyed the voice of the Lord our God to
obeyed the voice of the Lord our God to walk in his laws which he set before us
walk in his laws which he set before us
walk in his laws which he set before us by his servants the prophets yes all
by his servants the prophets yes all
by his servants the prophets yes all Israel has transgressed your law and has
Israel has transgressed your law and has
Israel has transgressed your law and has departed so as not to obey your voice
departed so as not to obey your voice
departed so as not to obey your voice therefore the curse and the oath written
therefore the curse and the oath written
therefore the curse and the oath written in the law of Moses the servant of God
in the law of Moses the servant of God
in the law of Moses the servant of God have been poured out on us because we
have been poured out on us because we
have been poured out on us because we have sinned against him and he has
have sinned against him and he has
have sinned against him and he has confirmed his words which he spoke
confirmed his words which he spoke
confirmed his words which he spoke against us and against our judges who
against us and against our judges who
against us and against our judges who judged us by bringing upon us a great
judged us by bringing upon us a great
judged us by bringing upon us a great disaster
disaster
disaster for under the whole heaven such has
for under the whole heaven such has
for under the whole heaven such has never been done as what has been done to
never been done as what has been done to
never been done as what has been done to Jerusalem as it is written in the law of
Jerusalem as it is written in the law of
Jerusalem as it is written in the law of Moses all this disaster has come upon us
Moses all this disaster has come upon us
Moses all this disaster has come upon us yet we have not made our prayer before
yet we have not made our prayer before
yet we have not made our prayer before the Lord our God that we might turn from
the Lord our God that we might turn from
the Lord our God that we might turn from our iniquities and understand your truth
our iniquities and understand your truth
our iniquities and understand your truth therefore the Lord has kept the disaster
therefore the Lord has kept the disaster
therefore the Lord has kept the disaster in mind and brought it upon us for the
in mind and brought it upon us for the
in mind and brought it upon us for the Lord our God is righteous in all the
Lord our God is righteous in all the
Lord our God is righteous in all the works which he does though we have not
works which he does though we have not
works which he does though we have not obeyed his voice and now O Lord our God
obeyed his voice and now O Lord our God
obeyed his voice and now O Lord our God who brought your people out of the land
who brought your people out of the land
who brought your people out of the land of Egypt with a mighty hand and made
of Egypt with a mighty hand and made
of Egypt with a mighty hand and made yourself a name as it is this day we
yourself a name as it is this day we
yourself a name as it is this day we have sinned we have done wickedly O Lord
have sinned we have done wickedly O Lord
have sinned we have done wickedly O Lord according to all your righteousness I
according to all your righteousness I
according to all your righteousness I pray that your anger and your fury be
pray that your anger and your fury be
pray that your anger and your fury be turned away from your city Jerusalem
turned away from your city Jerusalem
turned away from your city Jerusalem your holy mountain because for our sins
your holy mountain because for our sins
your holy mountain because for our sins and for the iniquities of our fathers
and for the iniquities of our fathers
and for the iniquities of our fathers Jerusalem and your people are a reproach
Jerusalem and your people are a reproach
Jerusalem and your people are a reproach to all those around us
to all those around us
to all those around us now therefore our God here the prayer of
now therefore our God here the prayer of
now therefore our God here the prayer of your servant and his supplications and
your servant and his supplications and
your servant and his supplications and for the Lord's sake cause your face to
for the Lord's sake cause your face to
for the Lord's sake cause your face to shine on your sanctuary which is
shine on your sanctuary which is
shine on your sanctuary which is disciplined
disciplined
disciplined oh my god
oh my god
oh my god incline your ear and healer open your
incline your ear and healer open your
incline your ear and healer open your eyes and see our desolations and the
eyes and see our desolations and the
eyes and see our desolations and the city which is called by your name for we
city which is called by your name for we
city which is called by your name for we do not present our supplications before
do not present our supplications before
do not present our supplications before you because of our righteous deeds but
you because of our righteous deeds but
you because of our righteous deeds but because of your great mercies O Lord
because of your great mercies O Lord
because of your great mercies O Lord hear o Lord forgive
listen and act do not delay for your own
listen and act do not delay for your own sake my god for your city and your
sake my god for your city and your
sake my god for your city and your people are called by your name now while
people are called by your name now while
people are called by your name now while I was speaking praying and confessing my
I was speaking praying and confessing my
I was speaking praying and confessing my sin and the sin of my people Israel and
sin and the sin of my people Israel and
sin and the sin of my people Israel and presenting my supplication before the
presenting my supplication before the
presenting my supplication before the Lord my God for the holy mountain of my
Lord my God for the holy mountain of my
Lord my God for the holy mountain of my god yes while I was speaking in prayer
god yes while I was speaking in prayer
god yes while I was speaking in prayer the man Gabriel whom I had seen in the
the man Gabriel whom I had seen in the
the man Gabriel whom I had seen in the vision at the beginning being caused to
vision at the beginning being caused to
vision at the beginning being caused to fly swiftly reached me about the time of
fly swiftly reached me about the time of
fly swiftly reached me about the time of the evening offering and he informed me
the evening offering and he informed me
the evening offering and he informed me and talked with me and said o Daniel I
and talked with me and said o Daniel I
and talked with me and said o Daniel I have now come forth to give you skill to
have now come forth to give you skill to
have now come forth to give you skill to understand at the beginning of your
understand at the beginning of your
understand at the beginning of your supplications the command went out and I
supplications the command went out and I
supplications the command went out and I have come to tell you for you are
have come to tell you for you are
have come to tell you for you are greatly beloved therefore consider the
greatly beloved therefore consider the
greatly beloved therefore consider the matter and understand the vision seventy
matter and understand the vision seventy
matter and understand the vision seventy weeks are determined for your people and
weeks are determined for your people and
weeks are determined for your people and for your holy city to finish the
for your holy city to finish the
for your holy city to finish the transgression to make an end of sins to
transgression to make an end of sins to
transgression to make an end of sins to make reconciliation for iniquity to
make reconciliation for iniquity to
make reconciliation for iniquity to bring in everlasting righteousness to
bring in everlasting righteousness to
bring in everlasting righteousness to seal up vision and prophecy and to
seal up vision and prophecy and to
seal up vision and prophecy and to anoint the most holy
anoint the most holy
anoint the most holy know therefore and understand that from
know therefore and understand that from
know therefore and understand that from the going forth of the command to
the going forth of the command to
the going forth of the command to restore and build jerusalem until
restore and build jerusalem until
restore and build jerusalem until messiah the prince there shall be seven
messiah the prince there shall be seven
messiah the prince there shall be seven weeks and sixty-two weeks the street
weeks and sixty-two weeks the street
weeks and sixty-two weeks the street shall be built again and the wall even
shall be built again and the wall even
shall be built again and the wall even in trouble sometimes
in trouble sometimes
in trouble sometimes and after the sixty-two weeks Messiah
and after the sixty-two weeks Messiah
and after the sixty-two weeks Messiah shall be cut off but not for himself and
shall be cut off but not for himself and
shall be cut off but not for himself and the people of the prince who is to come
the people of the prince who is to come
the people of the prince who is to come shall destroy the city and the sanctuary
shall destroy the city and the sanctuary
shall destroy the city and the sanctuary the end of it shall be with a flood
the end of it shall be with a flood
the end of it shall be with a flood until the end of the war desolations are
until the end of the war desolations are
until the end of the war desolations are determined then he shall confirm a
determined then he shall confirm a
determined then he shall confirm a covenant with many for one week
covenant with many for one week
covenant with many for one week but in the middle of the week he shall
but in the middle of the week he shall
but in the middle of the week he shall bring an end to sacrifice and offering
bring an end to sacrifice and offering
bring an end to sacrifice and offering and on the wing of abominations shall be
and on the wing of abominations shall be
and on the wing of abominations shall be one who makes desolate even until the
one who makes desolate even until the
one who makes desolate even until the consummation which is determined is
consummation which is determined is
consummation which is determined is poured out on the desolate